README.md, before:

# Endoscope - RTSP live video streamer for android devices via Wi-Fi.

![banner](https://s32.postimg.org/rsfitgp9x/endoscope_banner.png)


Endoscope allows you to fast link two android devices and stream live video from camera one device to another. Video stream is over Wi-Fi. One device hosts live stream and another connect to it. Remember to use Endscope your devices must be connect to the same wi-fi network.

You can stream directly at VLC. Ip address looks like rtsp://ip address:port/

## You can link to stream via:

- QR CODE - scan qr code to get ip address.

- NFC - enable nfc and touch two devices to get ip address.

  OR

- You can type ip address manually.

## Settings

You can configure:

- resolution 
(800x480, 640x480,
480x320,
320x240)

- encoder H264/263

- port

- audio stream

## Android libraries

Thanks to

- fyhertz [libstreaming](https://github.com/fyhertz/libstreaming)

- kenglxn [QRGen](https://github.com/kenglxn/QRGen)

- dlazaro66 [QRCodeReaderView](https://github.com/dlazaro66/QRCodeReaderView)

- hanks-zyh [SmallBang](https://github.com/hanks-zyh/SmallBang)


## Screenshots

![scr1](https://s31.postimg.org/tlnf27c97/scr10.png) 
![scr2](https://s31.postimg.org/melq6c1cb/scr3.png) 
![scr3](https://s31.postimg.org/uvl8h9617/scr1.png) 
![scr4](https://s31.postimg.org/9ohht8te3/scr7.png) 
![scr5](https://s31.postimg.org/a2itsudhn/scr8.png) 
![scr5](https://s32.postimg.org/4gij8qz6d/scr6.png) 
![scr5](https://s32.postimg.org/uasbyiz6d/scr4.png) 

## Download

You can download app at [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=pl.hypeapp.endoscope)

## Contact me

E-mail: pszem.szym@gmail.com
Twitter: https://twitter.com/hype_app

Commit message:

Added license, link to f-droid and android arsenal badge to readme.

README.md, after:

# Endoscope - RTSP live video streamer for android devices via Wi-Fi. [![Android Arsenal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android%20Arsenal-Endoscope-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://android-arsenal.com/details/3/4086)

![banner](https://s32.postimg.org/rsfitgp9x/endoscope_banner.png)


Endoscope allows you to fast link two android devices and stream live video from camera one device to another. Video stream is over Wi-Fi. One device hosts live stream and another connect to it. Remember to use Endscope your devices must be connect to the same wi-fi network.

You can stream directly at VLC. Ip address looks like rtsp://ip address:port/

## You can link to stream via:

- QR CODE - scan qr code to get ip address.

- NFC - enable nfc and touch two devices to get ip address.

  OR

- You can type ip address manually.

## Settings

You can configure:

- resolution 
(800x480, 640x480,
480x320,
320x240)

- encoder H264/263

- port

- audio stream

## Android libraries

Thanks to

- fyhertz [libstreaming](https://github.com/fyhertz/libstreaming)

- kenglxn [QRGen](https://github.com/kenglxn/QRGen)

- dlazaro66 [QRCodeReaderView](https://github.com/dlazaro66/QRCodeReaderView)

- hanks-zyh [SmallBang](https://github.com/hanks-zyh/SmallBang)


## Screenshots

![scr1](https://s31.postimg.org/tlnf27c97/scr10.png) 
![scr2](https://s31.postimg.org/melq6c1cb/scr3.png) 
![scr3](https://s31.postimg.org/uvl8h9617/scr1.png) 
![scr4](https://s31.postimg.org/9ohht8te3/scr7.png) 
![scr5](https://s31.postimg.org/a2itsudhn/scr8.png) 
![scr5](https://s32.postimg.org/4gij8qz6d/scr6.png) 
![scr5](https://s32.postimg.org/uasbyiz6d/scr4.png) 

## Download

You can download app at [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=pl.hypeapp.endoscope) or
[F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/repository/browse/?fdid=pl.hypeapp.endoscope)
## Contact me

E-mail: pszem.szym@gmail.com
Twitter: https://twitter.com/hype_app

## License
>GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Version 3, 29 June 2007
